camera/README.md, before:

Camera Samples
=============
Camera is a collection of Android NDKCamera samples:
- preview: preview camera images into the ANativeWindow of an [NativeActivity](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/NativeActivity.html)
- read-image: preview camera images with AReadImage
- texture-view: preview NDK camera into Java textureView object

This sample uses the new [Android Studio CMake plugin](https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/cmake.html).

Pre-requisites
--------------
- Android Studio 2.2.0+ with [NDK-r12+](https://developer.android.com/ndk/) bundle
- Android device support android-24+

Getting Started
---------------
1. Download Android Studio from [formal release](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html) or [canary](http://tools.android.com/download/studio/canary)
1. Launch Android Studio
1. Select "Import project (Eclipse ADT, Gradle,etc)"
1. Browse into downloaded sample directory, select webp/build.gradle
1. Click *Tools/Android/Sync Project with Gradle Files*.
1. Click *Run/Run 'app'*.


Support
-------
If you've found an error in these samples, please [file an issue](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-ndk/issues/new).

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by [forking this project](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-ndk/fork) and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

- [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android-ndk)
- [Google+ Community](https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968)
- [Android Tools Feedbacks](http://tools.android.com/feedback)

License
-------
Copyright 2015 Google, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

update build with NDK-r15 removed nativeactivity hook: the aspect ratio is not directly controllable added jpeg capturing

camera/README.md, after:

Camera Samples
=============
Camera is a collection of Android NDKCamera samples:
- basic: preview camera images with AReadImage and take jpeg photos

This sample uses the new [Android Studio CMake plugin](https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/cmake.html).

Pre-requisites
--------------
- Android Studio 2.3.0+ with [NDK-r15+](https://developer.android.com/ndk/) bundle
- Android device support android-24+

Getting Started
---------------
1. Download Android Studio from [formal release](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html) or [canary](http://tools.android.com/download/studio/canary)
1. Launch Android Studio
1. Select "Import project (Eclipse ADT, Gradle,etc)"
1. Browse into downloaded sample directory, select webp/build.gradle
1. Click *Tools/Android/Sync Project with Gradle Files*.
1. Click *Run/Run 'app'*.


Support
-------
If you've found an error in these samples, please [file an issue](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-ndk/issues/new).

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by [forking this project](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-ndk/fork) and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

- [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android-ndk)
- [Google+ Community](https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968)
- [Android Tools Feedbacks](http://tools.android.com/feedback)

License
-------
Copyright 2015 Google, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
